== README

Project develop with RubyMine on Mac OS

====Technology

* Ruby version ruby 2.2.4p230
* Ruby on Rails
* MySql
* REST FULL JSON API
* AngularJS
* Npm
* Bower
* Devise
* JBuilder
* Kaminari

====Introduction

This a Ruby on Rails project with AngularJs Framework.

The project use "devise" ruby gem, for user authentification.
He also use npm and bower, for download and use js/css module (like angular or bootstraap)

You have only functionality for managing users (CRUD)

====MANUAL TO INSTALL AND RUN

You need to install node.js, see "https://nodejs.org/en/" and add node.js comande line in your path (you need npm comande).
After that in your terminal, run "npm install -g bower".

Then, in your terminal run "gem install rails".
After that, go to your project, ex: "cd /home/zlatan/project/rubyMyAngular".
then run "bundle install".

This project use a MySql Database.
See "config/database.yml" to change your identifiants for connect to mysql.
You need to create database with name "rubyMyAngular_development" and give the privileges for this database to root user.
Then in your terminal run "rake db:migrate".

To get the npm and bower module, run : "npm install".
For bower choose the option with "is required by rubyMyAngular":
* angular#1.2.29 which resolved to 1.2.29 and is required by angular-animate#1.2.29, rubyMyNetworkAdmin

To create users run in your terminal:
"rails console"
"user=User.create!(:email=>'pedro@pauleta.local',:password=>'pedropauleta',:firstname=>'pedro',:lastname=>'pauleta')"
(see createFirstUser.txt File)

Now the project is ready to run:
tap "rails s" to start the project and in your browser go to "http://localhost:3000/"

==== Architecture

You can find:

* angular view in /app/assets/templates
* the /app/views/layouts/application.html.erb is the only "ruby view", indeed this file is the design base and include angular view
* angular js file in /app/assets/javascripts
* rails controller api in app/controllers/api (with base_controller.rb for generate CRUD method for all controllers, indeed user_controller.rb use bas_controller.rb for CRUD method)
* api return JSON, go to views/api to see how json file is construct (with "jbuilder" ruby gem )
* /db folder, you can find script for create database
* /models folder, you can object data to manage database


Thomas Kerambloch
